PD-1815-clarify-samba-removal (#3647)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALETutorials/Credentials/DirectoryServices/ConfigLDAPSCALE.md

If you want to further modify the LDAP configuration, click **Advanced Options**. See the [LDAP UI Reference article]({{< relref "/SCALEUIReference/Credentials/DirectoryServices/LDAP.md" >}}) for details about advanced settings.

> Note that the Legacy Samba Scheme was deprecated in 22.10 and removed in 24.10, so SMBs can no longer be set up using LDAP.

Reviewer: Suggestion for better visibility and maintaining some of the clarification from the removed text: 

```suggestion
{{< hint type=note title="Does LDAP work with SMB?" >}}
The Legacy Samba Schema, needed to populate the LDAP directory with Samba attributes, was deprecated in TrueNAS 22.10 and removed in 24.10. 
SMB shares can no longer be set up using LDAP authentication.
{{< /hint >}}
```
